Add links to debugger in inspection article (#2762)
scala/docs.scala-lang: _overviews/scala3-contribution/procedures-inspection.md

## Inspecting variables in-place

Frequently you will need to inspect the content of a particular variable.

> You can either use `println`s or the debugger, more info on how to setup the latter [here](https://docs.scala-lang.org/scala3/guides/contribution/procedures-debugging.html).

Reviewer: It is best practice to use the `link` feature of Jekyll so that we know at build-time if a link is incorrect:

```suggestion
You can either use `println`s or the debugger, more info on how to setup the latter [here]({% link _overviews/scala3-contribution/procedures-debugging.md %}).
```

> In the remeainder of this article we'll use `println(<someUsefulExpression>)` inserted in the code, but the same effect can be accomplished by stopping at a breakpoint, and typing `<someUsefulExpression>` in the [debug console](https://docs.scala-lang.org/scala3/guides/contribution/procedures-debugging.html#the-debug-console) of the debugger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the remeainder of this article we'll use `println(<someUsefulExpression>)` inserted in the code, but the same effect can be accomplished by stopping at a breakpoint, and typing `<someUsefulExpression>` in the [debug console]({% link _overviews/scala3-contribution/procedures-debugging.md %}#the-debug-console) of the debugger.
```
